The date of this ticket was the first time I'd parked at Ordsall Fit City car park, as my daughter has recently started football training. I parked and went in the gym, but was totally unaware that there was a need to register my car in the sports centre. As it was a council sports centre and didn't see any pay and display machines, I didn't imagine there would be parking restrictions. I regularly use Eccles Fit City and Irlam Fit City car parks - Eccles has clear pay and display signs and Irlam has no parking restrictions. At Ordsall I saw no signs referring to the need to register the car reg inside the sports centre, that I have learnt subsequently from conversations with other people in the car park.  Signage on the walls refer to permit holders in fairly small lettering and the car park is unlit, which explains why I didn't see any signs at the time. No ticket was placed on my car and was alerted to it through my company. As a result I made the same mistake the following week and have received another ticket. This was a genuine mistake on my part and I hope this and the poor signage and information can be taken into account as part of my appeal.

The date of this ticket was the first time I'd parked at Ordsall Fit City car park, as my daughter has recently started football training. I parked and went in the gym, but was totally unaware that there was a need to register my car in the sports centre. As it was a council sports centre and didn't see any pay and display machines, I didn't imagine there would be parking restrictions. I regularly use Eccles Fit City and Irlam Fit City car parks - Eccles has clear pay and display signs and Irlam has no parking restrictions. At Ordsall I saw no signs referring to the need to register the car reg inside the sports centre, that I have learnt subsequently from conversations with other people in the car park.  Signage on the walls refer to permit holders in fairly small lettering and the car park is unlit, which explains why I didn't see any signs at the time. No ticket was placed on my car and was alerted to it through my company. As a result I made the same mistake the following week and have received another ticket. This was a genuine mistake on my part and I hope this and the poor signage and information can be taken into account as part of my appeal.


        

9501964415 (28/01/2020)

7991298415 (14/01/2020)

 
M60 0AG
